So, what's going on in this code?
We have this list variable called lengths,
and all of these numbers inside of it.
Then we have this turtle setup code that's pretty familiar by now.
Then we have for length in lengths. What's that?
The key to understanding this line is knowing that length is
a variable in a for loop can assign things to that variable.
It doesn't use an equal sign,
but it's doing something similar to assignment statements that you've seen before,
such amy=turtle.Turtle() or pretty_color = "blue".
Remember that the loop will run once for each of the items in the list.
In this case, there are 10 items in the list.
So the loop will run 10 times,
and each time the loop runs,
it will take one of the items in the list,
and assign that item to the length variable.
The first time through the loop,
length gets assigned the first item in the list,
which is the integer 10.
The second time through the loop,
length gets assigned 20.
The third time through,
it gets assigned 30, and so on.
Again, you don't see any assignment statements here,
but this is working very much as if we had a line like length = 10,
and then length = 20,
and then length = 30, and so on.
We don't need to actually have these assignment statements
because the assignment happens as part of the for loop.
That's how for loops work,
but how does this affect the shape of the turtle is drawing?
Well, you may have noticed that the length variable is also being used in this line.
Each time through the loop,
this line does something slightly different.
The first time through,
length has been assigned a value of 10,
so the line works exactly the same as if you had typed this line instead.
But the second time through the loop,
length gets assigned a value of 20,
so the line now works as if it were dizzy.forward(20).
This continues for each number in the list.
The result is that each time through the loop,
dizzy moves forward by a different amount.
Here's a way to talk about this sort of loop.
We say that it's looping over the list which is to say,
it's doing something for each item in the list.
Something to be careful of though,
the first line of a for loop always ends with a colon.
The lines inside the loop are always indented by the same number of spaces.
If you leave off the colon,
or have mismatched indentation,
Python will give you a syntax error on the affected line,
so be sure to watch your syntax